Good morning,
Madam President.
May I introduce you
to the ambassador of java?
Oh, thank you.
Because, after all,
what is a travel mug
but a closet
for your coffee?
And boom,
our next promotional giveaway.
-Wow.
-Mm-hmm.
Throw on a black turtleneck
and some mom jeans,
it's like I'm married
to Steve Jobs.
I did hear you
banging out e-mails
till all hours
last night,
so the cucumbers in the sandwich
can be repurposed
as lunchtime
crow's-feet refreshers.
Thank you. Don't forget
we've got drinks later.
Right. Any specific joke areas
I should stay away from?
Oh, no,
don't worry about it.
It's mostly just me and the guys
talking business.
Hey, you using
those spin classes I got you?
Yeah. I went twice last week.
You can't tell?
Sure I can.
The best part about taking over
my dad's company --
I am now a powerful white male,
and I love it.
I totally get now
why we don't want anyone else
to have what we have.
Honey, before I take off
for work,
I saw this
and I thought of you.
What is it?
It's a key?
Yeah, it is.
It is a key...
but a key to what?
(chirping)
No!
You got me
a PhunkeeDuck?!
No more walking for my man.
Walking's for jerks.
Oh, my God!
That is the best gift ever!
I don't know where it stops
and I begin!
♪♪
Where is it?
You know, these cheese cubes
keep getting smaller every week.
I should start saving these
to prove my point.
Wow, am I retired.
(gasps)
It's there!
It's beautiful!
A little revealing.
I mean, I get using sex
to sell your hot sauce.
That's why I wore Jordache jeans
in my old closet ads.
But a little much,
isn't it?
It's obviously working.
The store said
that they put out
100 bottles of my sauce,
and half of them are gone!
(sighs)
Oh, my.
Auntie Alice!
She's a hot-sauce legend.
Her Level Three Sauce
has a picture
of a rooster exploding.
I have to go meet her.
Hey, guys, take a pic.
Hey, get out of here!
That's my wife!
I am a huge fan.
I have read your life story
on your label a thousand times.
Is it true that your father
crashed his pepper truck
into a papaya tree
and the legend was born?
You're asking me
if something's real?
I can't believe that
that cutout's an actual person.
(laughs)
Oh, yeah.
Miles?
Oh, hey, Jay.
Uh, trying to read
a text.
They keep the lights
in here so low
so they don't have to rotate
the produce.
Don't give me that.
I'm sorry, man.
I've been lonely
since Reynetta left.
You're a deacon.
Honey, foot rub.
Pass.
(whirring)
-Okay, there it is again!
I'm telling you, something weird
is going on up there.
We're renting our upstairs unit
to earn a little extra cash
and add a little extra tension
to our marriage.
Our current guests
registered
as Mr. and Mrs. Wilkerson
and Tommy.
I was expecting a nice young
couple and their little boy.
Oh. Hello. You --
So, you -- You must be
Mr. and Mrs. Wilkerson?
-That's right.
-So you're Tommy?
He is.
Welcome.
Cam, let's help them
with their trunk.
No!
No? Okay, well,
uh, here is the key.
-Here you are.
-Thank you.
Tommy?
Okay, what is that
all about?
I mean, three adults?
Why doesn't Tommy
have a last name?
Why doesn't Tommy talk?
Is he their captive?
Is Mrs. Wilkerson
their captive?
Is the captive
in the trunk?
So there has to be
a captive?
Lately, we've been getting
negative reviews
-from some of our renters.
-Say it.
And they tend to follow
the common theme
that the "bigger one"
is "nosy."
While others say
the "orange fella"
is "standoffish
and cold."
Who says that?
I'm saying it now.
Oh.
(whirring, squeaking)
Okay, we need to find out
what that is.
Cam, stay out of their business,
all right?
If we drop below three stars,
we're gonna be stuck renting
to chain smokers
and pregnant foreigners
trying to have their babies
in America.
Mark down the time.
I just turned into my father.
I'm going up.
Cam...
(whirring stops)
Cam,
what are you doing?!
I am checking
on our guests.
Hello!
Oh, all three of you.
Uh, just stopped by to see
if you guys need
some fresh --
fresh towels.
We're fine.
Thank you.
Uh, yes, you were
gonna say something?
You saw that, right?
Mrs. Wilkerson was giving me
the distress signal.
She was like...
Come on.
Cam!
Us again.
Just triple-checking
to see if you need
some hand soap,
a chance to talk to one of us
alone, some muffins.
Really, we're fine.
You don't have to keep checking.
Help!
She did not say "help."
So you did hear it.
Hey, Delgado, thank your mom
for my new screen saver.
Will do, Parker.
And speaking
of two-dimensional women
who know a thing or two
about sauce,
stop by Flanagan's and say hi
to your mom for me.
(laughter)
I know you were bothered
by that cutout.
But every teenager
gets teased,
and you have to rise
above it, so --
-Your mother's in the trunk.
-What?
I couldn't stand the ogling
and the selfies,
so I stole it --
for both our sakes.
We're in this together.
How?
I didn't steal it.
Oh, I see
where this is going.
You complain and complain,
I make the problem go away,
and you had nothing
to do with it.
I didn't ask for this.
I didn't ask for any of this.
Let's not turn on each other.
It'll make us sloppy.
I need your help
to get rid of it.
God knows
I've already tried.
Son of a...
A lot of cool storage solutions
coming out of Asia, huh?
Yeah, there really are.
But I think you might be
even more interested
in what's been coming
out of Cuba.
Hey-o!
(laughter)
-Is she the best or what?
Shall we, hmm?
-Let's do it.
-Mm-hmm.
You know what, honey?
We are just gonna talk
about work.
Why don't you stay
and have another drink, huh?
Oh. Well, you don't
have to twist my arm.
What do you say, ladies?
Another round of Sapphire Sins?
Ooh, yes, please.
Phil, you are
just so much fun.
Thank you.
Oh, it is so nice to hear those
words come out of a man's mouth.
Tell me about it.
Ever since Kyle
got that promotion,
he barely acknowledges me.
Come on, now, I'm sure
he knows how lucky he is.
You have the twins,
a spotless house,
killer yoga arms.
Aw.
Unh-unh.
This happens all the time --
They get on their track
to success,
and you become
the invisible housewife.
I don't know about
all the time.
Sitting with all those gals,
I thought,
"Wow, this is an insane
amount of perfume.
And also, am I on my way
to becoming
an invisible housewife?"
No way.
There'd be signs, right?
Hey, stranger.
Been keeping dinner warm for ya.
Oh, that's nice.
I had a steak at the club.
But I wouldn't knock a Scotch
out of your hands.
Sure thing.
Hey,
is now an okay time
to go over
this list of house stuff?
Mm-hmm.
Let's see.
Don't care, don't care,
call a guy, don't care.
Guess who got the big listing
on Westmount today.
Oh, that's great, sweetie.
It'll keep you busy.
-Is that a new bracelet?
-(gasps)
Oh, yes, it is.
Jim bought it for me
after our last big fight.
I was on him about taking
all those business trips.
That's what they do.
Throw some new piece of jewelry
at you to keep you happy.
Mm-hmm.
Not that I'm complaining.
-Ooh, hello.
-Oh.
(laughter)
Right?
Oh, good,
Mom's car is gone.
All right.
My hand saw is in the garage.
You'll hold her down,
I'll cut the head off --
-Jay!
-Oh!
My car got a flat tire,
so it got towed.
I need a ride to Phil's.
He's helping me finish
my sauce website.
Manny, baby,
why are you crying?
I'm not.
Ooh, I got another e-mail
from the store.
I bet you
that I sold another --
What the hell?
Somebody stole my cutout.
Stolen? Damn it!
Well, there's no point
in replacing it
because it's just gonna
get stolen again.
Oh, I can't replace it.
It took two weeks
just to get the mechanical arm
working right.
Oh, wait till
I catch this rat.
I'm going to make him regret
that he was ever...
(teeth chattering)
Ay, Jay,
turn the heater on.
I can hear Manny's
teeth chattering.
(thumping)
What is that noise?
I don't hear anything.
(thumping continues)
What is
that thumping noise?
Manny, go check the trunk.
Uh, I don't really feel like
getting my hands dirty, Jay.
Your hands are plenty dirty
already, buddy boy.
Go deal with it.
I am going to find
who did this, Jay,
and I'm going
to make him hurt.
Every thief
makes a mistake.
Gloria, you're letting this
get to you.
You know what always
calms you down?
Joe's little duck song.
Now, let's --
Let's get that going.
I hate him.
("Duck Parade" playing)
♪ Quack, quack, quack,
join the duck parade ♪
I want blood!
♪ Waddle, waddle, waddle,
waddle, watch them wade ♪
♪ Tail up, head down ♪
♪ Shake your feathers
all around ♪
♪ Everybody's smiling
at the duck parade ♪
This grainy security footage
is all the store sent?
Mm-hmm.
I feel like
I know him, Phil.
Whoever it is, it looks like
they want to get caught.
He keeps going back
for the cheese cubes.
I can't
watch this anymore.
Let's just work
on my website, okay?
Sure.
Phil, I'm late for an
appointment with a client.
Can you do me a favor?
If it's to put flowers
in the bathroom, I already did.
Oh, I hadn't noticed.
Not surprised.
Okay, I was supposed to
get this client
a bottle of Scotch.
I haven't had time
to do it myself.
So can you pick one up
and bring it down to the office?
Whatever you need.
I have to go out
for a haircut anyway.
Great.
Except I got
a haircut yesterday.
Okay, wow. This kitchen
really is a mess, huh?
Mm. I'm off.
Don't.
Excuse me, Gloria.
Apparently, I don't know
how to keep a kitchen clean.
What is that?
Oh, it's just
a little hush-up gift
from my powerful wife who thinks
she can take me for granted.
And I'll just hover after her
like a little puppy dog.
You have to stop
putting up with it.
They don't mean to ignore you,
but it will only get worse.
One time
when I had just married Jay,
I spent a whole day cooking
his favorite dinner.
Beef Wellington and a baked
potato with all the fixin's?
Yes.
And then when he got home,
he barely noticed what I made.
So I took the emerald pendant
that he had bought me
for the three past dinners
that he had missed
and I threw it
at his head.
I told him
I don't need fancy things.
I need the respect.
Isn't that
an emerald pendant?
It made its way back to me.
But the point is that you
have to make a statement.
You have to give back
the hoverboard.
You know what?
I hate to admit it,
but you're right.
Uh-oh.
Phil?
This happens.
You just got to let
the battery run out.
We're out of stamps.
I'm heading to the post office.
Do you need anything?
No, I'm good.
What are you doing?
Oh, uh,
just a little research.
"Wilkersons plus adults Tommy
plus mysterious trunk."
Okay, now try Googling
"irrational meddling
plus homosexual."
Okay, Mitchell, what if they're
a part of some weird cult?
Remember that "20/20"
we watched
where they infiltrated
that ritual ceremony
and Elizabeth Vargas had
to almost sacrifice a squirrel?
I went through the bag
they dumped in the trash.
Oh, hi.
Now you're involving
our daughter?
I don't know
what she's talking about.
Okay, you know what?
You need to get
out of the house.
Go get the stamps.
And a hobby.
Okay, well,
they're in our home,
and I'm just trying
to protect our family.
I don't
want to wake up dead.
I can't believe I have
to say this to you again.
You cannot wake up
and be dead.
-It's an expression.
-It's not.
Daddy should not have
involved you in his snooping.
So you don't want me to tell you
what I found in here?
No...
Well, of course I looked.
And inside I found latex gloves,
a bottle of bleach,
heavy-duty tarp.
Now, I've never killed anyone
and cleaned it up,
but that sounds like a kit.
So as soon as I saw them
drive off
in their windowless murder van,
I-I ran upstairs.
Oh, my God!
What are you?
(Footsteps approach,
keys jingle)
(figurine clatters)
The people are back.
Shh!
Is this gonna be
a daily thing now, Tommy,
losing your phone?
Oh, thank God.
Wait.
Where are you going?
Oh!
(gasps)
(cellphone rings)
Hey.
Um, what's up?
I'm still getting stamps.
Look to your left.
(gasps)
What are you doing?
I'm hiding.
They're here.
I came up to see if anything
weird was going on.
Did ya? Were you curious?
Gettin' a little nosy?
Not the time.
What are these
creepy things?
(gasps)
If these dolls could talk...
They'd tell you I dropped
one of them and their
head came off.
Well, you have
to put it back.
Maybe they won't notice
one of them's missing.
Yeah, this seems like
a casual interest.
Oh my gosh, here they come.
Okay, I'll create a distraction
so you can get back in there.
I simply invited them to
a complimentary cocktail hour.
Even possible Satanists
enjoy a triple-cream Brie
and a crisp Chardonnay.
(chuckles)
So, what brings you all
to town?
We're here for
the Chuckled Chums Convention.
I'm sorry,
the -- the Chuckled Chums?
They're a line
of ceramic figurines.
We're avid collectors.
-Oh.
(thud, clattering)
-Well, that sounds fun.
-Yeah.
Every year we gather together
with like-minded Chum lovers
to share
our favorite pieces.
(gasps)
Yes? You --
You want to say s--
Help!
Oh, bless you, darling.
You've probably guessed.
I'm the figurine restorer.
We're so excited.
Ours is this year's
featured collection
because of its size
and pristine condition.
I hope the industrial polisher
we brought wasn't too loud.
No, we can't hear anything
that goes on upstairs.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no!
No, no!
No, no, no!
Oh, God, no!
(clattering)
Hm.
Fortunately, Chuckle Chums
aren't all that expensive
to replace.
They're mainly just an excuse
for lonely people to go outside.
Point is, we learned our lesson.
No more snooping.
Absolutely.
Although we still don't have
an explanation
for those creaky floorboards
in the middle of the night.
Heavy-footed going one way,
light coming back.
Was it Tommy joining his chums
for a ménage à trois,
then being replaced
by Mrs. Wilkerson on the couch?
Okay, you need...
help!
Son of a bitch.
I broke two saw blades
on this thing,
and now these Miracle Shears
are no good.
Guy who sold me these
at the front door
cut through a horseshoe.
Hold on.
Let's try your shredder.
What's that doing
down here anyway?
I made
an executive decision
about some of Joe's
lesser artwork.
Help me lift this thing.
(shredder whirring)
Hey, it's working!
The best shredder
money can buy.
In 2004, our whisper-close
hamper technology
got stolen out of the trash,
got sold on the dark web.
Never again.
Oh, no, it's stuck!
GLORIA: Hola!
Hey-oh!
Hey,
you're back early, huh?
Yeah, I didn't want
to go back to that store
and get angry again.
-I just want to relax.
-Yeah.
Manny!
Uh, yes, Mama?
Ay, can you please
draw me a bath
with those fancy bath salts
that you have?
Oh, I usually save those
for spec--
Just draw the damn bath.
I'll get you a nice
glass of wine to go with it.
-Oh, okay.
-Come on, honey,
I got a nice Chardonnay out here
you're gonna like.
(scratching)
-Is that Stella?
No, definitely not.
What did you bring?
Gloria, wait.
(gasps) Oh!
Gloria, don't be mad.
It must have been
that old witch, Auntie Alice!
She must have left this
as a warning!
Devious.
Dang it, I got my fingerprints
all over it now.
I bet she was the one
who gave me that flat tire.
Who are you calling?
(speaking Spanish)
...Auntie Alice.
What was that?
She's going to pay.
You don't even know
it was her.
Whatever that was,
you got to call it off.
I know it was her.
I saw evil in her eyes.
She probably
has cataracts.
Oh, for God's sake,
Gloria, I did it.
-I stole the cutout.
-You?
I didn't love the way those guys
were taking pictures with it.
Jay, but you've never
been jealous like this.
Well, when we first met,
but then I realized
it's a full-time job.
I'm sorry.
There's nothing wrong with being
protective of your wife.
It means that you care.
Is something bad happening
to that poor woman?
I don't know details.
I let them decide.
They don't like
to feel managed.
I'm begging you
to make that call!
Auntie Alice spoke at Career Day
at my high school!
(telephone rings)
Hello?
No, we didn't
order flowers.
That's them.
Tell them no tulips.
Uh, no tulips.
They hung up.
Good thing that I remembered
the code.
(chuckles)
Okay, now, my -- mwah! --
big jealous man,
let's go
and have some wine.
I don't know why that cutout
bugged me so much.
I guess probably because I have
more time now to be jealous.
Okay, now, you have more time
to take me upstairs
and show me what those bad men
were doing to me at the store.
I'm getting back
to liking retirement.
I told you to say
no roses, right?
Tulips!
I'm sure it's fine.
Here's the Scotch
you asked for.
And also,
there's something else.
I'm returning
the hoverboard.
Fine. I-I think the receipt
was in the box.
Oh. Okay.
Well, good.
Because I can't accept a gift
if it's just a shiny
servo-controlled substitute
for respect and appreciation.
I'm not invisible, Claire.
You married a strong
and capable man who --
Can you help me
with this clasp?
Claire? Honey?
No. Don't cry.
I-I can, uh --
I can keep it if you want.
I-I can't return it anyway.
I already dented it.
No, it's not that.
It's -- It's not.
It's just all of this.
I'm so stressed.
Phil, I've never
been a boss before,
and I am freaking out.
But you've handled it
so well.
I am faking it, Phil.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
I'm just copying my dad --
the steak, the Scotch,
the cigars.
Do you have any idea
how bad the heartburn is?
But you just got here.
Give it a little time.
There is no time.
I'm in charge now.
And I live every day
in constant fear
of everyone discovering
that I'm a fraud.
Oh, my God, I really am
a powerful white male!
Hey, you are not a fraud.
I haven't had the guts
to sit at my dad's desk
since he left.
I still feel
like the little girl
who used to play
hide-and-seek under it.
Look.
This is your desk now.
You've earned it.
You are not
a little girl anymore.
In fact,
you're the strongest,
smartest woman I know.
The hardest company in the world
to run is Dunphy Co.,
and you've kept us in business
for 22 years.
I don't worry about you
in this job.
I worry about the poor chump
who has to follow you.
Oh.
MARGARET: Everyone is here
for your meeting, Claire.
Knock 'em dead, boss.
Uh, Phil, wait. Oh!
Oh, sorry.
Thank you.
For everything.
And I'm sorry
if I don't say it more.
Come here.
I guess you want to get rolling
on your meeting.
Mm.
I'll just duck out.
-Take it.
-Thank you.
(sighs)
(beep)
Claire?
I love you.
Okay, Margaret.
PHIL: No, no, no, no, no,
let me spin!
It's worse
if you try to help.
Send them in.
(sighs)
(beep)
Phil?
Oh, no, not again.
Should we wake him up?
Oh, I read the instructions.
It says not to.
Hello.
What?
Don't worry.
I'm a Realtor.
I'll be right there.
I have a really
early meeting.
-I'm on it.
-Thank you.
-- Captions by VITAC --